**Unit 3**

Tera’s Proposal:

> Hey Cadet, Thanks again for helping me at my farm. You know what we should have at the farm… a windmill. The farm should have a windmill. The wind speeds I have measured are constantly above 10mph.

Toppo Dialog:

> Hey Tera, did I just hear you make an argument about installing a windmill at your base. Cadet, I see a problem with Tera’s argument. I challenge you to identify what is wrong with the argument. Tera can you restate your argument

Tera:

> The farm should have a windmill. The wind speeds I have measured are constantly above 10mph.
>
> **Choice 1:Disagree, Tera forgot reasoning.**
>
> Toppo Feedback 1: Good job Cadet, Tera’s argument does not have reasoning. An argument should always have a scientifically accurate statements that connects the claim and the evidence. (Tera Exit DIalog)
>
> **Choice 2: Disagree, Tera forgot evidence.**
>
> Toppo Feedback 2: Not quite Cadet. Tera has collected wind speed data from the environment that she is using as evidence. She does not have a reasoning; a scientifically accurate statements that connects the claim and the evidence. (Tera Exit DIalog)

Tera Exit Dialogue: Thanks! I will see if I can add reasoning to my argument.

**Unit 4**

Tera’s Second Proposal: Hey Cadet, thanks for the advice about adding reasoning to my argument about the windmill. Here is my new argument.

Tera’s Argument: The farm should have a windmill. The wind speeds I have measured are constantly above 10mph. The location for the windmill is 100m north of the farm. The greater wind speeds will allow the windmill to produce sufficient energy for my base.

Toppo Dialog:

> Hey Tera, did you just make another argument about building a windmill at your base. Cadet, I see a problem with Tera’s argument. I challenge you to identify the what is wrong with the argument. Tera can you restate your argument.

Tera:

> The farm should have a windmill. The wind speeds I have measured are constantly above 10mph. The location for the windmill is 100m north of the farm. The greater wind speeds will allow the windmill to produce sufficient energy for my base.
>
> **Choice 1: Disagree, evidence doesn’t support claim.**
>
> Toppo Feedback 1: Good job Cadet, All of the evidence in Tera’s argument does not support her claim. While the evidence of the wind speed supports her argument, the information about the windmill location does not support her claim that farm should have a windmill. It is important that all pieces of evidence in argument support the claim. (Tera Exit DIalog)
>
> **Choice 2: Disagree, reasoning doesn’t support claim.**
>
> Toppo Feedback 2: Not quite Cadet. Tera uses a scientifically accurate statement about windmills to connect her claim and her evidence. However, not all of her pieces of evidence support her claim that the farm should have a windmill. It is important that all pieces of evidence in argument support the claim (Tera Exit DIalog)

Tera Exit Dialogue: Thanks! I guess my argument still needs some work. I will make sure all pieces of evidence support my claim.

**U5**

Finished argument:

> The farm should have a windmill. The wind speeds I have measured are constantly above 10mph. The greater wind speeds will allow the windmill to produce sufficient energy for my base.
