After the player completes U2 they are transported back to the player base.

The player has some time to talk to cadets as usual, but they have to talk to Jasper to begin the critique. It seems that Jasper disagrees with your choice of location. He missed the argument, and wants to settle upstream of the other watershed to see if there’s more alien ruins.

Toppo says she has to begin plans on the new base and is too busy to go through all of this again. She tells the player Jasper doesn’t know about the evidence we collected; so there is probably 1 of 2 things wrong with his argument. Either his evidence doesn’t relate to his claim or he doesn’t have enough evidence. She asks the player to go find out which one, and help Jasper see his mistake.

The player has to talk with Jasper again and critique his argument. Jasper tells the player they should settle the other watershed instead. He found the alien ruins on that side; so there is probably more aliens on that side. Once the player finishes listening to Jasper they can then critique his argument with either: “his evidence doesn’t relate to his claim” or “he doesn’t have enough evidence”.

The next morning, Jasper greets the player as they leave their room. He thanks them for taking the time to listen, and help him reason through his position. If the player chose the correct critique, “he doesn’t have enough evidence”; then Jasper rewards them with an alien decoration he found. If the player chose the incorrect critique; then Jasper says tells explains how Toppo corrected him later last night.

After the next Unit Jasper changes his claim from wanting to settle upstream of the aliens to wanting to investigate upstream; because that’s where he found the door. The player can help him as a side quest critiquing his reasoning by pointing out they also found a door in U3. This side quest line continues leading up to U6.
